## Play with Cypress v10/v11

### Breaking changes are introduced with Cypress v10.

- Prior to Cypress v10 the 'e2e' folder was called 'integration'.
- Using a cypress.json configuration file is no longer supported. Replace this configuration file with a cypress.config.js, cypress.config.ts, cypress.config.cjs or cypress.config.mjs file.
- A Cypress configuration file is now required and passing the CLI flag --config-file=false will throw an error.
- A default configuration file will no longer be auto-generated by Cypress when a configuration file doesn't exist.
- The configuration file's JSON schema is no longer supported since the configuration can no longer be provided via a JSON format.
- The baseUrl and experimentalSessionAndOrigin configuration options are no longer valid as top-level configuration options and can only be defined within the e2e configuration.
- The supportFile and slowTestThreshold options are no longer valid as top-level configuration options and must now be defined within the e2e and/or component configurations.
-Previously the supportFile option defaulted to cypress/support/index.js. Now the e2e.supportFile option defaults to cypress/support/e2e.{js,jsx,ts,tsx} and the component.supportFile option defaults to cypress/support/component.{js,jsx,ts,tsx}.
- The pluginsFile option was removed. This option should be replaced with the new setupNodeEvents() and devServer() configuration options.
- The testFiles option was removed. This option was replaced with the new specPattern option.
- The integrationFolder and componentFolder options were removed. These options were made obsolete by the new specPattern option.
- The ignoreTestFiles option was removed. This option was replaced with the new excludeSpecPattern option.
- During cypress open, the ability to "Run all specs" and "Run filtered specs" has been removed.

### New configuration options:
- The setupNodeEvents() option is a new testing type specific configuration option. It must be defined within the e2e and/or component configurations. This option allows you to modify your loaded configuration, listen to events and register plugins. This option replaces the pluginsFile option.
- The devServer option is a new component testing specific option that must be defined within the component configuration. This option provides a mechanism for starting a component testing dev-server when tests are running.
- The specPattern option is a new testing-type specific configuration option that must be defined within the e2e and/or component configurations. This option accepts a glob or an array of globs of the spec files to load. This option simplifies the spec discovery by replacing the componentFolder, integrationFolder and testFiles options.
     - The e2e.specPattern default value for new projects is cypress/e2e/**.cy.{js,jsx,ts,tsx}. For existing projects, please run cypress open to have your spec files automatically migrated to match this specPattern.
     - The component.specPattern default value is **/*.cy.{js,jsx,ts,tsx}.
- The excludeSpecPattern option is a new testing type specific configuration option that must be defined within the e2e and/or component configurations. This option accepts a glob or an array of globs which allows you to ignore spec files that would otherwise be shown in your list of specs. This option replaces the ignoreTestFiles option.

    - The e2e.excludeSpecPattern default value is the same as the replaced ignoreTestFiles glob pattern of *.hot-update.js.
    - The component.excludeSpecPattern default value is ['**/__snapshots__/*','**/__image_snapshots__/*'] plus the e2e.specPattern glob patterns.
    - The **/node_modules/** pattern is automatically added to both e2e.excludeSpecPattern and component.excludeSpecPattern and can't be overridden. This is consistent with <10.0 behavior.

### Updates to the Cypress CLI:
- New --e2e and --component CLI flags were added to cypress run and cypress open to allow a user to run or launch Cypress for a specific testing-type. If a testing-type specific CLI flag is not provided when running cypress run, Cypress will run end-to-end tests by default.
- If a testing type and browser flag are passed to cypress open when launching a specific project, the browser will automatically launch.

### Deprecations
- v10:
    - The cypress open-ct and cypress run-ct commands have been deprecated. Use cypress open --component and cypress run --component instead.
- v9.7.0:
    - The Cypress.Cookies.preserveOnce() and Cypress.Cookies.defaults() Cypress APIs have been deprecated. In a future release, support for Cypress.Cookies.preserveOnce() and Cypress.Cookies.defaults() will be removed. Consider using the experimental cy.session() command instead to cache and restore cookies and other sessions details between tests.
- v9.0.0:
    - The nodeVersion configuration option has been deprecated and will be removed in a future release.
- v6.4.0:
    - The delayMs option for cy.intercept() has been renamed to delay. delayMs will still work, but it is deprecated and will be removed in a future release.
- v6.1.0:
    - Cypress.moment has been deprecated and will be replaced in a future release.
- v6.0.0:
    - cy.server() and cy.route() have been deprecated. In a future release, support for cy.server() and cy.route() will be removed. Using cy.intercept() instead is encouraged.
    - experimentalFetchPolyfill has been deprecated. Use cy.intercept() to intercept requests using the Fetch API instead.
    - cy.route2() was renamed to cy.intercept().
